Um, how to do this?
Who hasn't fallen for someone like that?
Granddaughter-in-law.
Can you two stay with me?
Hello ma'am.
Old times
It's okay, have a good night's rest and you can leave the hospital.
What are you two standing up for?
Go to sleep.
YES.
Did you argue with him?
I request you to get another one in this location.
Oh, in the middle of the night, we still let employees work overtime.
We at Fuji Group are not the old landlord.
Will not do such outrageous things.
You two are husband and wife, what should you avoid?
Sleep in that bed.
Not you.
We don't have it yet.
The two are legal husband and wife.
Afraid of what?
Sleep in that bed.
Go away.
Let this old woman sleep on the ground.
Make your bed for you guys.
Grandma, you sleep here.
Then go sleep in that bed.